If you don’t believe it,
Just try it.
What proof do you have? Your hands are the best proof.
Have you dug into English recently?
Why are things produced?
I haven't dug it. You haven’t dug it,
That's what people close to you have dug up.
Now, British retribution, on whom of you,
And if you don’t believe it, you’re just like that dog,
This business is useless to you.
And how to solve it.
I don’t care if I speak English or German.
If it fails, you can only accept your fate.
I just put your shoes on.
All is this.
I might as well have sex with him
Only one person mentions his life
What's the meaning
I think of an immediate solution
Just use a belt to replace you
Take him to the silver cents you dug and he burned them
will succeed
It's that simple
Of course not simple
The messenger must do it in vain
You'll also need your hair and fine toe shoes
Then take him to the dug silver cents
Wouldn't it be illegal to burn it?
I heard that the head is dead
All I have to do is find someone to do it
Of course, I'm looking for Mr. Li. You want to please me?
Didn’t you just listen to who chooses who spends the money?
Do you believe me now or not? I’ll be fine first.
A damn secret
Don’t worry, prepare a secret
Don’t you understand now?
it's all fake